Improve documentation writing (#3302)
nf-core/tools: nf_core/pipeline-template/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

> # `{{ name }}`: Contributing Guidelines

Author: I'm not sure if by adding the '`' the `{{name}}` will still be changed.

Reviewer: That should be fine, it won't cause any problems.

- On your own fork, make a new branch `patch` based on `upstream/master`.
- Fix the bug, and bump version (X.Y.Z+1).

> - A PR should be made on `master` from patch to directly adress this particular bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A PR should be made on `master` from patch to directly address this particular bug.
```

Reviewer: Actually, maybe better:
```suggestion
- Open a pull-request from `patch` to `master` with the changes.
```
